\input texinfo
@setfilename documentation.info

@titlepage
@title 3DViewer 1.0
@author Narchang & Aemelina

@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@end titlepage

@node Description
@chapter Description

The 3DViewer 1.0 is our school project app written in C and C++.
3DViewer is a fast graphic application that allows users of 
all knowledge levels to quickly load files of OBJ filetype and
view 3D wireframe models.

@page
@node Second Chapter
@chapter Features

This 3D viewing app is fully compatible with Windows 10/Linux and
offers next features inside of its lightweight
package:
@itemize
@item There can be only one model on the screen at a time.
@item The maximum size of a model is 1,000,000 vertexes. 
@item The app can  translate the model by a given distance in relation to the X, Y, Z axes. 
@item The program provides the ability to rotate the model by a given angle relative to its X, Y, Z axes and scale the model by a given value.
@item The program can be built with Makefile which contains standard set of targets for GNU-programs:
all, install, uninstall, clean, dvi, dist, tests, gcov.
@end itemize


The graphical user interface contains:
@itemize
@item A button to select the model file and a field to output its name.
@item A visualisation area for the wireframe model.
@item Buttons and input fields for translating the model.
@item Buttons and input fields for rotating the model.
@item Buttons and input fields for scaling the model.
@item A button for customizing the type of projection (parallel and central).
@item Buttons for setting up the type (solid, dashed), colour and thickness of the edges, colour of background, display method (none, circle, square), color and size of the vertices.
@item A button for saving and uploading settings between program restarts.
@item Information about the uploaded model - file name, number of vertices and edges.
@item A button for saving the captured (rendered) images as bmp, jpeg and pdf files.
@item A button for recording small screencasts of the current custom affine transformation 
of the loaded object into gif-animation (640x480, 10fps, 5s).
@end itemize

3D Viewer is 100% free for every user and can be used without any restrictions on both your home and work PCs.

@bye
